consider 3 gaphs, each of them aggregates the edges of one type (attacks, messages, trades):
	from these graph we can compute the maximum number of players during the month. Note, for example, 
		that a player can attack but do not trade: analyze all the graphs and the ids in order to
		know the correct number
	in-degree, out-degree for each node in each graph (list of dict in order to aggregate everything(?))
		aggregate results can surprise us
	for each graph create a "classic" orinted graph (not a multigraph): the edges will have 2 attributes 
		(type and number of interactions (weight) of that type between the two nodes). We can use this 
		graphes for the demos and centrality analysis: please do note that we still keep 3 separeted graphes
	on the new graphes we can calculate some centrality:
		attacks - degree-centrality
		messages - betweennes, PageRank
		trades - same as messages
	consider if clustering distribution can give us some type of insight (don't think so) (only for messages and trades)

Analyze communities' centralities and indexes (PageRank, betweenness, closeness, density, degrees, diameter, clustering distribution) 

Evolution over time (using GT):
	find the distribution of activity of each day of the week
	consider the evolution over time of the communities
		did they attack each other?
		can we determine when the community has broken? were there a traior (attached someone inside the 
		community, not sure you can attack someone inside your community, we will find out)? 
		Were there a spy / alliance (messages with other communities)?
		after that, where did they go? did they message some boss in other communities?
	find how many communities have been present for each day
	when communities have been determined:
		were they at war to each other? were people of a community attacking people of one another? 
		Are attached coordinate over time(?)? Did they strike a single objective or different ones?
		did they fight back?
	look for network growth indicies:
		1. network segmentation
		2. graph densification
		3. diameter shrinkage

A good question always valid: is the leader of the community the one who talks with other communities
	or the one who recruits people?
	# I expect thatthey are different people
Since we have GT, we MUST evaluate performance of different community detection approaches